# Increasing Confidence score of Browser Fingerprinting
This project is made available live on https://browser-fp.netlify.app

## Identifying User uniquely on the internet
We generated a website, in which we tried to show the fingerprint of the user who is surfing the internet and to how unique the user is being identified on internet, which nowadays third party cookies are blocking them for user's privacy due to which user's who do fraud are unable to get tracked down easily.

This project will track users uniquely irrespective of 3rd party cookies and many other things which are blocking us to get the fingerprint of a user uniquely. Till now, we have achieved an acuracy score of 0.83(by implementing various fingerprinting techniques) to which users can be tracked down accurately and we are planning to increase the confidence score(the accuracy score about which more is explained below down in the paragraph) more upto 99.99%. 

## Why Browser Fingerprinting??
So, what is Browser Fingerprinting?

First of all, Cookies are mechanisms which websites use to store data in browsers specific to users. 
Also, cookies are domain specific. As a result, browsers block 3rd party cookies.
For eg, 
Like, if we are getting redirected from thapar.com to visa.com for some payment, the cookie of thapar.com is not accessible to visa.com, hence, visa.com doesnt know whether the user doing payment @ visa.com is the same as which initiated the payment session @ thapar.com or not. During this process, one can tap the website and fraud can easily happen.

Therefore, By preventing cookies and other tracking mechanisms, it is making it more difficult for web application developers to determine whether a visitor is a human or a fraudulent bot.

Now, how to fix the problem, Browser Fingerprinting plays its role here,...

Browser fingerprinting is a unique hash for a particular device, generated using all the attributes like, os, fonts,ip address, etc that the browsers can access.
Browser fingerprinting, is used to identify users uniquely and their associate sessions regardless of anonymizing tactics like incognito browsing, VPNs, and cookie blockers. Also, it is not domain specific, which means a particular user can be identified on different domains without any problem.
Unlike third-party cookies, which can be cleared or blocked by the browser, your browser fingerprint cannot be altered.

So, to how accurate, is browser fingerprinting identifying users….

That brings me to the next question, What is confidence score?

Confidence score is a floating-point number between 0 and 1 that represents the probability of accurate identification. The closer this number is to 1, the more sure we are that the visitor is correct. The closer it is to 0, the more unc ertainty we have about the identification results.. 


## Project Implementation Details

As depicted by our project title, our ultimate aim is to increase the confidence score of the fingerprint generated by using various techniques like :

1. By implementing more and more fingerprinting methods like Canvas fingerprinting, audio fingerprinting, WebGL fingerprinting, WebRTC fingerprinting, etc., in the browsers.
2. Deriving a solution to prevent browsers like safari, brave, etc., from preventing browser fingerprinting(decreasing confidence score, which results in failure of browser fingerprinting).
3. By implementing invisible trackers and tracking ads in browsers, which cannot be blocked partially by the extensions already blocking some of them, thus giving us the chances to increase confidence score.
4. Making an ML bot that detects which fingerprinting methods a particular browser is using and which all is missing. Then, notifying how to fix the missing one after implementing some more features to the fingerprinting process already implemented in that browser, thus increasing the confidence score
